As the saying goes, you can take the ape out of the jungle, but you can't take the jungle out of the ape.
Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these 'things' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose.
I like to listen to this preacher, but why do black preachers always have to scream.
Fifteen years on and they still blame white rule.
Nothing about white genocide is acceptable especially the fact that the mainstream media essentially denies it exist in the first place.
I'm reporting here that I haven't seen or heard anything on talk radio or TV that even hints at Jewish supremacist ethnic cleansing of Whites from USA or Europe.
Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy isn't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia.
Great image of the Jew as a poisonous mushroom.
It appears that if you are white in South Africa and you are about to be arrested, your fate is far worse than death.
Yep I totally agree, the minute the Jew press see's the Klan outfits, that's all they will talk about, and justify the white murders.
They're trying to turn the Internet into a mirror version of television, in other words turn it into a wasteland of celebrity worship and wipe out all of it's potential as a medium for informing and educating.
They talk and talk and talk but before they ever accomplish anything they always have one bad 'ni * * er moment' and end up getting locked up.
It ain't right unless it's White.
1/2 mexican, 1/2 White babies can often pass for White until they turn six or seven when the golden brown coating covers all.
All the jews I have ever known will do anything for money.
There's something so gross and such an assault on the senses as the sound of an European romance language coming from the mouths of savages ! . .
So we have ox-driven ambulances in Zimbabwe and donkey powered police in South Africa ...
It is always about divide and conquer. If you look at the Golden Dawn pictures they usually have women around there.
I see a nation where I can walk out my front door and not feel like a minority in my own country.
The best way to reduce abortions is to provide real sex education in the schools, coupled wth real female-centric birth control for all women of child-bearing age, yes this means your teenaged daghters as well..
The number one problem in this country is the voters and their choices.
a cop is armed to protect himself!!!!!
White or not, if people respect the law most of this wouldn't be happening.
There is no justification for killing as people indicate in this thread. The cops shot were innocent and shot just because they are cops. How many of the cops shot and killed might have already saved black lives?
We are being played by our government and their media. They are creating the racial tension that leads to these events. Divide and conquer - and we are failing for it.
This is where we are at as a nation? All the hate should go towards the Government. They are the reason we are where we are at as a nation.
The filthy cop-hating racist thugs of Black LIES Matter have turned the deep South into a cesspool of black racial hatred. They refuse to acknowedge how far the South has progressed since the 1960s.
Wow, you're a truly terrible person.
Oh shut u. Most of black culture is making thugs and criminals famous. Remember Freddie Gray?
Racist a**hole
Obama’s main goal as a black Muslim president was to recruit as many black people into the Muslim life style.... this will take years to undo unless we put a end to it.
Why is it considered a hate crime when a white kills a black, but these ambushing police are not called a hate crime and not called terrorist attacks. What is going on, people?
If I were to punch a white guy talking sh*t in a bar, same old. If I were to punch a black guy talking sh*t in a bar, it automatically considered a hate crime. Case closed.
I think it’s time stupid Liberals move out of the 1950s and stop calling people black. Let’s be Americans instead.
It's not about our disagreements with #Conservatives. Its that Conservatives can't debate honestly, and they have no integrity. Whatever gets them thru today, is all that matters to them. They're fundamentally dishonest people.
You do not like the Jewish people because you ALL claims they are holding all the money. Sound familiar? Your left wing libtard family is the family of the KKK. You do not hate Jews? That’s funny. Gun control; even funnier. Good luck
#Antifa: Take note of how to protest with civility. This is why socialism (aka communism) will never win. It is inherently evil and unsustainable.
St. Patty's day weekend is like Christmas for black dudes who like white chicks. Happy holidays boys.
Perfect Obama's dad born in Africa, Mitt Romney's dad born in Mexico. Any pure breeds left?
Women and cows deserve the same respect in this country!
A woman's true place is in the care for her family and her husband. Keep them at home. That's the only way we can preserve our culture.
If I had a wife I’d beat the hell out of her tonight lol, jk.
She is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man.
I hate to sound sexist, but women shouldn't talk sports on tv. They were not made for these types of jobs.
Section 377 needs to be followed. It enforces the law and the constitution! We cannot let these criminals run free. Capture them and keep them in a jail cell. That's where those animals belong. 
When a woman says no, respect the answer but don't give up unless she says 'never'. If she says 'never' with a smirk, you still have a chance.
