"As the saying goes, you can take the ape out of the jungle, but you can't take the jungle out of the ape."
"I like to listen to this preacher, but why do black preachers always have to scream."
"Fifteen years on and they still blame white rule."
"Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy isn't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia."
"It appears that if you are white in South Africa and you are about to be arrested, your fate is far worse than death."
"They talk and talk and talk but before they ever accomplish anything they always have one bad 'ni * * er moment' and end up getting locked up."
"1/2 mexican, 1/2 White babies can often pass for White until they turn six or seven when the golden brown coating covers all."
"It is always about divide and conquer. If you look at the Golden Dawn pictures they usually have women around there."
"I see a nation where I can walk out my front door and not feel like a minority in my own country."
"The best way to reduce abortions is to provide real sex education in the schools, coupled wth real female-centric birth control for all women of child-bearing age, yes this means your teenaged daghters as well.."
"a cop is armed to protect himself!!!!!"
"White or not, if people respect the law most of this wouldn't be happening."
"Oh shut u. Most of black culture is making thugs and criminals famous. Remember Freddie Gray?"
"If I were to punch a white guy talking sh*t in a bar, same old. If I were to punch a black guy talking sh*t in a bar, it automatically considered a hate crime. Case closed."
"You do not like the Jewish people because you ALL claims they are holding all the money. Sound familiar? Your left wing libtard family is the family of the KKK. You do not hate Jews? That’s funny. Gun control; even funnier. Good luck"
"St. Patty's day weekend is like Christmas for black dudes who like white chicks. Happy holidays boys."
"Women and cows deserve the same respect in this country!"
"If I had a wife I’d beat the hell out of her tonight lol, jk."
"Section 377 needs to be followed. It enforces the law and the constitution! We cannot let these criminals run free. Capture them and keep them in a jail cell. That's where those animals belong."
"When a woman says no, respect the answer but don't give up unless she says 'never'. If she says 'never' with a smirk, you still have a chance."
"Let mother nature evolve these people naturally because no amount of money or aid is going to drag these 'things' into the civilized world where they serve absolutely no purpose."
"The filthy cop-hating racist thugs of Black LIES Matter have turned the deep South into a cesspool of black racial hatred. They refuse to acknowedge how far the South has progressed since the 1960s."
"I think it’s time stupid Liberals move out of the 1950s and stop calling people black. Let’s be Americans instead."
